You said you're not really the commander-in-chief
The real commander-in-chief is the real commander-in-chief
It's Li Feiyu
Li Feiyu Li Gang Leader
How is that possible?
I said that Lin Jingyun is so close to Li Feiyun
It turned out to be the commander-in-chief
Damn this bitch
And who are you?
I'm just a stand-in for Li Feiyu
Ostensibly I am the commander-in-chief
But in those who don't speak
The real commander-in-chief is only Li Feiyu
I'm just a small person in my viewing
What's with the smoke?
Did you sell us the Qin family tobacco soil?
They all came in from you.
I sold all the tobacco soil.
This Li Feiyu once explicitly prohibited
No one can touch the tobacco
They wouldn't let us.
I just want to do it
I not only have to do
I want to do my best.
and
I'm going to use Li Feiyu's name for the last time
The batch of tobacco soil you bought at the birthday party
I only know of this deal
Didn't receive the money
This Li Feiyu
Already on alert
Doubt me
I doubt you, what are you going to do?
Since Li Feiyu regards me as a substitute
Then I'll go with the flow and become the real commander-in-chief
I want to get rid of Li Feiyu
Get rid of Li Feiyu
He is the leader of the Yuhua Gang
In Jinping's life experience
We may not be able to do anything. We may not be able to do anything.
People are doomed
So does he.
How are you going to go?